feat: Improve readme (#330)
kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks: tasks/modify-data-object/README.md

### Usage

Task run using resolver:
```
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: TaskRun
metadata:
    name: modify-data-object-taskrun-resolver
spec:
    params:
    -   name: waitForSuccess
        value: 'true'
    -   name: manifest

>         value: "apiVersion: cdi.kubevirt.io/v1beta1\nkind: DataVolume\nmetadata:\n

Reviewer: Use multiline string?

### Usage

Task run using resolver:
```
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: TaskRun
metadata:
    generateName: modify-data-object-taskrun-resolver-
spec:
    params:
    -   name: waitForSuccess
        value: 'true'
    -   name: manifest
        value: <DV or DS manifest>
    taskRef:
        params:
        -   name: catalog
            value: kubevirt-tekton-tasks
        -   name: type
            value: artifact
        -   name: kind
            value: task
        -   name: name
            value: modify-data-object
        -   name: version
            value: v0.18.0
        resolver: hub
```

> In manifest parameter, you can use e.g. this manifest:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an example for `manifest` parameter, you can use this DV definition:
```

### Usage

Please see examples on how to modify data objects:

```
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1
kind: TaskRun
metadata:
    name: modify-data-object-taskrun
spec:
    params:
    -   name: waitForSuccess
        value: 'true'
    -   name: manifest

>         value: "apiVersion: cdi.kubevirt.io/v1beta1\nkind: DataVolume\nmetadata:\n

Reviewer: Use multiline strings for manifests?
